El9 conda documentation (#2161)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: stanage/software/apps/python.rst

.. sidebar:: Python

>     :latest Versions: 2024.02-1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :Latest Version: 2024.02-1
```

Installation notes
------------------

> All anaconda versions on EL9 upto Anaconda3/2024.02-1 were installed using Easybuild 4.9.2, build details can be found in folder ``$EBROOTANACONDA3/easybuild`` with the module loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is primarily for administrators of the system. Anaconda3 has been installed using the default Easybuild config files.

Build logs and test reports can be found in ``$EBDEVELANACONDA3`` with a given module loaded.
```

Reviewer: In line with software template https://docs.hpc.shef.ac.uk/en/latest/referenceinfo/admins/software.html
